okay listen I got something wrong with
me that's the first thing to know I gots
my headband I twitch and shout a lot
makes me look like a damn freak show cut
that out
touch it Bailey I'm sorry but inside my
head is an even bigger mess I can't stop
twisting things around words and sounds
especially have to keep playing with
them until they come out right sorry
geez forget I asked like I said a damn
mess then I started working for Frank
Frank men a private eye boys Frank
frankly frankly Frank Oh
he's the one who taught me how to use my
head turn it into his strength he gave
me a place in his crappy world until I
screwed up
[Music]
produces trouble now ooh
does anybody know what Frank was into on
this there's something going down and
it's big and they were not happy about
what he found we find who did this we
square accounts if I figure it out I'm
gonna make him regret it I promise you
that that's her that's the girl that
Frank was following I think she found
something
what happens to poor people in this city
was a news yesterday and it won't be
tomorrow where's everybody go mostly
just disappear this town is run by Moses
Randolph when someone isn't seen for
what they truly are that's a very
dangerous thing if the first inkling of
power works power is knowing that you
can do whatever you want or not one
person can stop you those people are
invisible they don't exist if you
threaten his work he will destroy you
you're all alone you got no idea
you're webbed up in this somehow and
these people aren't gonna stop it if you
got a head just like my always turning
things around some people call it a gift
but it's a brain the flesh and just to
say do you remember what I said she
doesn't know she doesn't know what don't
I know
[Music]
you